hey folks St From Evolution Unleashed
today we're going to take a look at
idiogram a brand new text to image
generator that claims to do text better
than everyone else great for brochures
Flyers logos so we're going to go put it
through it Paces right now so here's
idiogram first thing I like to do is
look at the settings what interesting
information you can see you get 25 free
prompts a day not sure how that how long
that will last but obviously they are a
new AI people are still learning about
them let's have a look at their
price $7 a month for your basic that'll
give you 400 prompts plus 100 in the
slow que so 500 total and on this one
you'll get a th000 prompts in the fast q
and Unlimited in the short queue and
you're looking at monthly so pretty on
par I mean mid Journey's probably about
$2 dearer if you pay monthly you'll pay
a little more but I think quite reason
and obviously you get the free 25
prompts in the slow que good news is the
slow que is not that slow okay so that's
it for that now couple of things before
we look at the prompt
interface down here you can see the
latest images that are being generated
so 15 minutes ago uh so you can see the
public images and as a free account
you'll only be able to make free ones
but there's some very cool images here
but what we're really curious to put it
through it Paces on on canid do text uh
you can follow your favorite um
designers and then of course here are
the top ones for today for the week for
the month should wait for that to load
and then all time the most popular ever
made and the wonderful thing
[Music]
is you can find one you like and you can
come down here you can remix you can't
edit just yet uh remix will just put it
up into the prompt interface and then of
course you can just copy The Prompt
which is pretty cool now what I want to
show you is this cool feature they have
now this is already automatically built
into Dary with chat GPT but they have
magic prompt and you have the option to
turn it off so you can put your own
prompt and it'll run exactly as you say
or magic prompt it'll take what it
thinks you're trying to do and it'll
create a much more extensive prompt that
will hopefully deliver B results you
have three aspect
ratios this way for posters square and
Landscape which is cool so you can just
select those and then you can add any of
these that you want is it a product is
it architecture cinematic poster these
are just some ideas to help inspire
you but that's really it not really a
lot you can choose the model but there
is only the model one now so no point
using a different one and then off you
go so I've already generated some images
is let's go see if it can do text now
we'll start with just simple onwers and
we'll add complexity and we'll see how
it handles it very interesting so this
is uh a coffee cup with The Branding
kify because why not no other text use a
gritty blue color style so you give it a
bit of context and then it generates
these amazing images so let's open that
one which I think is
spectacular and you can see there's my
prompt and look what it did it took my
prompt and it magic prompted it and put
it like this which I think is very very
cool so got to give it a heads up or a
thumbs up for that next one a logo for a
brand called Evolution Unleashed gee
that's my brand we already have a logo I
just wanted to see what it's like for
logo generation uh so I gave it a bit of
information I left magic prompting on I
went with square for logo and this is
what it gave that one's pretty cool
spelling is still correct and you can
see the magic prompt very very uh
detailed compared to the original so it
gives you four generations each time
each is a slightly different version
which I think is really cool as well uh
mid Journey give you four Dary used to
but not anymore but as you can see I
think apart from the Unleashed being
spelled wrong on this one it's done a
pretty good job I don't even like that
one anyway so it's fine okay moving
along let's say we want on a large
decorative wooden sign saying welcome
using the style Disney and kawh I have a
style guide that I'll drop in the
description below that'll show you what
these cool styles are it's how you set
your images apart from all the rubbish
out there anyway so you can see the
magic prompt and we had some spelling
errors here when we changed so it
struggled with the style not the words
just the style and then you can just
click through them well on use the
Disney logo don't tell Disney someone
might get sued yeah so three out of four
no good there you go we got a beautiful
one there though okay and you can always
rryy you can use the remix uh which is
use that and then add some you know
additional context you can add Image
Weight and then you can add your own
prompt up here no you need the
editor with the paid and uh generate and
then it will
regenerate
giving your original style that you gave
it and it'll base it on that style and
it will give you four more versions
pretty cool now if you had the editing
function you could add some additional
context but look at that we actually got
the spelling right the second time
that's
correct correct correct correct pretty
cool and that's the slow generation so
you know you're not waiting for a long
time folks okay an alien invasion saying
AAL make it playful I'm just trying
different text Styles and it's done a
pretty good job again and some cool
little images don't think they're quite
up to uh the level of Dary or mid
Journey but the fact that it can do text
re relatively accurately is pretty
exciting for me okay we'll use a comic
book style comic book art style create a
picture of a puppy in a window with ass
signed puppies for sale 16 by9 and look
at that very cool and then you can see
the magic prompt oh very very cool image
and look the text is bang on and then
you can just scroll through your other
ones that one's correct weird image
though I'm not sure if that's two dogs
hiding behind there two windows it's
repeated very
unusual and then another cool one okay
so as you can see two out of four were
pretty good you can always retry and you
can remix so let's say I like this one
but there's something I don't like about
it or this one you can just go again to
the remix and let's reduce the image
weight and regenerate it okay so it'll
only put about 10 20% waiting from that
image so we'll get four very different
ones okay but it will be the same puppy
hopefully which you can see is pretty
close so look how fast that is we got to
wait tells you how long you got to wait
here and now we've got puppies for sale
and look at that once again on the
Regeneration on the remix we've got much
better options so that could be a cool
little trick okay now now let's give it
a challenge a large red sale sign we
only want three words 50% off sale 50%
off we'll do it in a poster I've
selected poster because we want it to be
a poster and it struggled didn't it it
really could not do these at all well so
we'll take one that we like and this is
what I love about idiogram oh well I
like that but it's not quite
right and you can say oh I like this one
so again with the editor can add a bit
more but just the remix and let's say we
want to keep the image weight quite high
so we'll increase the image weight
that's all we'll regenerate and now
we'll get four more in the same style
and we'll see if our little theory about
the Tex working better on the regen and
I would say 100% yes look at that
perfect every time not a lot of
difference between the four but very
very cool so I like that now let's give
it a real hard one a brocher over iing a
retro Ray Festival location London
camping ground I if that's a place date
15th of August 2024 use a retro
psychedelic and please try and make it
spell well and as you can see it did a
lot of the words right but it did a lot
wrong it's not too bad so let's say we
like one I quite like this one that's
pretty close to being right so we'll
remix this one we'll keep the image
weight where it suggests
let me know if you've tried it if you've
got any tips and tricks I mean obviously
you can copy other people's prompts so
it's going to be very easy to learn what
works by uh being inspired by the
community which I think it's a cool
feature anyway let us know your
experience did the text work right have
you got any tricks to make it better and
I'd love to see Creations as well that's
it for today see you in the next one
peace